[1]If fairies are pretend and imaginary, like grownups say, then fairies should have a pretend castle palace to live in, and a nice child might imagine one for them.  It might be as big as a cup, or a fire hydrant, or a cardboard box, or even as big as the space underneath a table.  What would you imagine?
    It might be blue or pink or bright red or golden color, or all different kinds of colors.  What would you imagine?
[2]At the front door it might have a bridge over a water-ditch moat that went all the way around outside the fairy palace, and might have goldfish or tiny mermaids or oysters with pearls inside or little starfish or sea horses, or all or just some.  What would you imagine?
    And on top it would have pointy towers with windows and maybe a special landing place for lightning bug fireflies or for butterflies or dragonflies or hummingbirds, maybe just some or maybe all.  What would you imagine?
[3]Inside, the palace might have a special kitchen where fairy cooks could fix pancakes or pizza or hamburgers or hot dogs or fried chicken, or all or just some or something else.  What would you imagine?
[4]And for dessert, apple pies or angel food cake or chocolate cupcakes or strawberry ice cream or hot fudge sundaes or all or just some or something else.  What would you imagine?
    Fairies would probably like one big room especially for play, with one part full of ramps and tunnels and turns for riding tricycles or bicycles or scooters or skateboards or maybe something else.  What would you imagine?
[5]Outside they might have a nice grassy park to play on swings or slides or teeter-totters or merry-go-rounds or jungle gyms, and a place to tumble and race and play tag and hide-and-seek, or something else.  What would you imagine?
    And maybe a swimming pool for splashing and swimming and riding floats and jumping and diving and a big water slide.  Maybe it could be inside, or on the roof, or maybe in the moat.  What would you imagine?
[6]And surely the palace would have a big bedroom where fairies could have sleep-overs and pillow fights and talk and tell stories or sing songs, and when they felt sleepy could snug their face into a pillow and imagine about things.  Just like you.
of the tale.

