Once upon a time there were three little pigs who lived happily with their mother in the forest until one day they all decided to leave and seek their fortune.   The mother handed each a bag of pennies, told them to spend their pennies carefully so they could have a nice house, gave each a good-bye kiss, and away they went.
As they strolled through the forest they came to a woman selling candy by the side of the road.  They had only walked a little way and weren’t yet very hungry, but the first little pig wanted the candy very much, so he gave the woman all his money except for three pennies for a big piece of candy.  The second brother thought maybe he shouldn’t spend his money on candy, but the candy looked so nice that he gave the woman half his pennies for a smaller piece of candy.  The third little pig saved all his money.
As the pigs walked on through the forest they met a man with a load of straw on his back.   The first little pig knew with only three pennies he could only build a little house, and he knew a straw house would be easy and quick to build.   “Please sir,” said the first little pig, “may I buy some straw to make myself a house?”
“Certainly,” said the man with the straw. So the pig gave the man his last three pennies to buy the straw and stopped by the side of the road to build himself a house.
As the other two pigs strolled on through the forest they came to a man with a load of sticks in his wheelbarrow.
The second little pig knew with only half a bag of pennies he could only build a house of sticks, and he knew a stick house would only take a little more work than a straw house to build. “Please sir,” said the second little pig, “may I buy your sticks to build myself a house?”
“Of course, you may,” said the man with the sticks.  So the pig gave the man half his pennies to buy the sticks and at the side of the road he stopped to build himself a house.
As the third little pig walked on alone through the forest he passed another man carrying a load of straw, but he didn’t want a straw house, and he passed another man with a cartload of sticks, but he didn’t want a stick house.  Finally, the third little pig came to a man with a wagon-load of bricks.
He knew it would be hard work to build a brick house, but he knew how strong such a house would be.
“Excuse me, sir,” said the third little pig, “may I buy your bricks so I can build myself a house.”
“With pleasure,” said the man with the bricks.  So the third little pig gave the man his whole bag of pennies and there at the side of the road he stopped and began to build himself a fine house.
The first little pig was taking a nap in his straw house when a big bad wolf walked up, knocked on the door, and said, “Little pig, little pig, let me come in.”
The first little pig woke up right away, heard the wolf, felt very afraid, and squeaked, “Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin.”
“Well,”growled the wolf, “then I’ll huff, and I’ll puff, and I’ll blow your house in!”
And he huffed, and he puffed, and he blew the house in, and the straws whooshed away, and the little pig ran as fast as he could to his brother’s stick house.
[9]The big bad wolf was hungry and angry, and he went to the second little pig’s house and knocked hard on the door, and loudly growled, “Little pig, little pig, let me come in!”
The two little pigs inside were very afraid, and the second little pig said, “No!  Not by the hair of my chinny, chin chin!”
“Oh no!” the wolf growled loudly, “then I’ll huff, and I’ll puff, and I’ll blow your house in.”
He huffed and he puffed but the sticks were stronger than the straw, and the first time he blew the house didn’t fall down, but he blew even harder the second time and the sticks whooshed away, and the two little pigs raced as fast as their short little legs would take them to their brother’s brick house.
Now the big bad wolf was really hungry, and really angry, and when he came to the brick house he slammed on the door and roared, “Little pig, little pig, LET ME COME IN!”
The first two little pigs inside were very afraid, but the third little pig wasn’t afraid, and said, “No!  Not by the hair of my chinny, chin chin!”
“All right!” the wolf roared louder than ever, and in his very scariest voice he said, “then I’ll huff, and I’ll puff, and I’LL BLOOOOW YOUR HOUSE IN!”
He huffed and puffed and took a deep breath and blew hard.  But the bricks didn’t move.  So the wolf tried again, huffing and huffing and puffing and puffing and blew very, very hard, but the bricks still didn’t move, and no matter how hard he huffed and no matter how hard he puffed, the bricks were too strong.
The wolf was so angry he jumped onto the roof, but the third little pig was smart and had already put more wood to make his fire blaze up and set a huge kettle of water to boil.
When the big bad wolf jumped down the chimney, the third little pig pulled the lid from the pot,  the wolf splashed inside, the pig slapped the lid tight—and that evening the three little pigs
had the most delicious dinner since they’d left their mother’s house in the forest.



