Then the next time you wash your hands or shampoo your hair or take a bath you could put some of the slippery, soapy stuff on one end of the straw and point that end down a little bit, then put the top end of the straw between your lips and blow very softly and gently.  Don’t suck in because that soapy stuff tastes really yucky!  But if you blow out slowly, maybe a bubble, or many bubbles, will get bigger and bigger at the down end of the straw.  If you have lots of slippery, soapy stuff on the down end, and blow very, very softly and gently you might be able to blow a very big bubble.  And if you look hard maybe you might see some rainbows in it.
Or you could wash your hands with lots and lots of soap, then curl your finger tight inside your thumb and make sure there’s lots of soapy, slippery stuff on your finger and thumb, then slowly push your finger out toward the tip of your thumb to make an O.  If there’s a little window of soap across the O, blow very, very softly and gently and you might make a bubble start to get bigger and bigger.  If you have lots of soap on your fingers and hand you might be able to hold that bubble very gently in your hand, or might very, very carefully and very, very slowly let your hand go down under the water and the bubble will float on top.  And if you look hard you might see some rainbows in it.
If you practice making a bubble with your finger and thumb, you might be able to get lots and lots of soapy, slippery stuff on both hands, then put one curled finger and thumb on top of your other hand’s fingers and thumb and keep them touching, but slowly slide them until one finger tip touches the other finger tip and one thumb tip touches the other thumb tip until you make a great big O.  If you see a window of soapy, slippery stuff in the middle of this great big O, blow very, very, very softly and gently and you might be able to make a really, really big bubble.
But don’t make it too big, so big you could slide yourself inside—even if you want to see the rainbow from inside the bubble—because you wouldn’t want to fall inside and float away—or have to explode the bubble to get out!